[conflict_resolver] Update test plan and README to test widgets (#6454)
aces/Loris: modules/conflict_resolver/test/TestPlan.md

 - Also check and make sure that the instrument and its corresponding DDE are updated accordingly
 - Ensure if Date_taken is changed, the candidate age in the instrument is updated accordingly
 - Make sure the scoring_fields are re-calculated in the given instrument once the conflict is resolved

## Dashboard Widget

1. Go to the LORIS dashboard. 

>  - Ensure that the "My Tasks" "My Tasks" on the LORIS dashboard has a "Data entry conflicts"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Ensure that the "My Tasks" widget on the LORIS dashboard has a "Data entry conflicts"
```

   item

>  - Ensure that the `access_all_profiles` permission changes the label from "Sites: All"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Toggle `access_all_profiles` user permission and verify the label changes between "Sites: All"
```
rephrasing slightly - does this match the intended sense?

>    to "Sites: User sites" and the number associated with the task is updated accordingly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   and "Sites: User sites" and the number associated with the tasks is updated accordingly.
```

Reviewer: Ok for "task" to "tasks" but the "to" is Ok.

Author: I think it was supposed to be a multiline suggest, now that the line above it is changed it should be "and"
